Implement restoring an inconsistent snapshot as a real feature. (#4703)
apple/foundationdb: documentation/sphinx/source/backups.rst

``--orig_cluster_file <CONNFILE>``
  The cluster file for the original database from which the backup was created.  The original database is only needed to convert a --timestamp argument to a database version.

``--inconsistent_snapshot_only``

>   Ignore log files to get inconsistent snapshot only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Ignore mutation log files during the restore to speedup the process. Because only range files are restored, this option only gives an inconsistent snapshot in most cases and is not recommended to use.
```
